Q: What is the default branch of a git repository called?
A: main

Q: How do you change branches using git?
A: checkout the branch u want to use

Q: What is the command that allows you to create a local repository from a remote repository?
A: git clone URL

Q: How do you check the status of the working directory of the local repository?
A: git status

Q: What sequence of commands allows me to share new changes in a local repository with an (already configured) remote repository?
A: commit and push (if files were local added they also need to be added before commit and push)

Q: What is the value of the expression (true && false)?
A: false

Q: How can you write `i = i + 1` more concisely?
A: i++

Q: What does the term "concatenation" mean?
A: bring together

Q: Why is the check for "equals" with (object == object) not reliable? What should you use for check of equal objects?
A: It`s not specified which type is used so they are not comparable. For the check you should use the specific equal-Method of the class eg. from type String

Q: What Collection implementation is ordered, but not sorted?
A: Map

Q: What Collection implementation has only unique elements?
A: Set

Q: How can we find out the number of elements of an array named "students"?
A: students.size()

Q: How can we find out the number of elements of a list named "students"?
A: students.getSize() ---- ??? denke eher nicht aber keine Ahnung ohne IDE ist doof.

Q: In Java, what happens if I divide by Zero (eg. 8 / 0)?
A: Error

Q: How can you check if File quiz = new File("quiz.txt") exists?
A: quiz.exists()

Q: Depending on some attributes, an object should return isAllowed(). Should the method be static or not, why?
A: If the attributes are always the same, the method should be static

Q: What is the signature of the `main` method of a class?
A: public static void main (String args[]) --- was war nochmal die Signatur?

Q: What is an instance of a class?
A: An object, a bertha or elfriede are instances of the Class Cow

Q: Which naming rule should you apply to the naming of a class?
A: First letter Big, then camelcase

Q: Why should the usage of java.util.Date be avoided?
A: because it can be overwritten (mutable)

Q: What Java class do you use to store the Date "31.10.2021"?
A: Date

Q: What is the advantage of using Generics?
A: Cast can be avoided.
